README.md, before:

<img alt="Mockup" src="/readme.assets/cover.jpg">

## 💇🏻‍♂️ About the project



## 🚀 Technologies

Technologies that I used to develop this project

- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/)
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- [Editor Config](https://editorconfig.org/)

## 💻 Getting started


### Requirements

- You need to install both [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) to run this project.

**Clone the project and access the folder**

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/bigspinlab/PPCOA.git
```

**Follow the steps below for Web Version**

```js
  # Go to ppcoa folder
  cd src/ppcoa-fe 

  # Install the dependencies
  $ yarn

  # Start project
  yarn start
```
The app will be available for access on your browser at `http://localhost:3000`

## Deployed on Vercel

Link: 

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.


## 📝 Thanks

Made with 💜 by Vitor Martins 😊 [See my linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitor-martinss/)

Commit message:

feat(FE): first commit next js project

README.md, after:

<img alt="Mockup" src="/readme.assets/cover.jpg">

## 💇🏻‍♂️ About the project



## 🚀 Technologies

Technologies that I used to develop this project

- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/)
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- [Editor Config](https://editorconfig.org/)

## 💻 Getting started


### Requirements

- You need to install both [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) to run this project.

**Clone the project and access the folder**

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/bigspinlab/PPCOA.git
```

**Follow the steps below for Web Version**

```js
  # Go to ppcoa folder
  cd src/ppcoa-fe 

  # Install the dependencies
  $ yarn

  # Start project
    npm run dev
    # or
    yarn dev
    # or
    pnpm dev
    # or
    bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.


## 📝 Thanks

Made with 💜 by Vitor Martins 😊 [See my linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitor-martinss/)
